Plan: Implement a Goal Based RRT algorithm (flips a coin. Heads adds a new, random point to attempt to go to. Tails attempts to go to the goal from nearest node)

Start with current mainshaft state (xyz=0, rpy=0)
    we should init the starting node and the goal node
Generate random number between 0 and 1
    if number is under goal bias (say, 0.5):
        attempt to connect goal node with the nearest node
    if number is above goal bias:
        add a random node and attempt to connect it to the closest node

NODE OBJECT:
Node():
    state: contains the xyz, rpy state of the mainshaft.
    parent: parent node

ADDING A NODE TO THE TREE:
    Select a random node in the environment (requires xyz bounds)
        First select a random xyz position.
            Check if the xyz point is inside an object. If it is, find a new point
            Also check if the 
        Then, find a random orientation for the shaft.
            This should also have bounds. We don't need the mainshaft to be completely vertical.
            Lets start with say +- 45 deg about each axis (complete guess. we might need to increase or decrease this value)
            Check that the configuration does not make the mainshaft collide with anything.
                If there is a collision, try another orientation. If we tried ~5 orientations, find a new position
    Now that we have a valid configuration, we need to plan the movement of the mainshaft to the config.
        Since it is an RRT, we do not actually need to move to that point. After (say, 1 second?), wherever the mainshaft is located is going to be the new node.
        Calculate the error of translation and rotation.
            Use the error to calculate the angular and linear velocity of the mainshaft (within bounds)
            move for time t.
                If there is a collision, add the node before collision.
            If we get to the node witin time t, add the node
            If time t expires and we have not gotten to the desired config, add the current config as the new node

Repeat until path is found

INIT RRT WITH:
    Starting configuration
    Goal configuration
    Goal bias value
    xyz and rpy bounds
    
            